---
description: >-
  The four following principles will underpin development in the first two
  phases:
---

# 4.1.1 Phase 1 and 2 Protocol development principles

## 1. ease of use and stability above all: 

  
The fundamental design principle for a GET Protocol is that it should be easier to use than current non-blockchain ticketing alternatives. At no point in the use flow will users be confronted with confusing hashes or anything of the sort. Users interacting with their smart ticket should never suffer the consequences of the price fluctuations of the volatile token market. It is not our aim to force crypto tokens on people; it is our vision to use the properties of crypto currencies to show the general public the value this technology offers to control their own digital assets.

## 2. ensuring get protocol stability and security: 

  
In the first two phases of development, only white-listed ticketing companies will be allowed to interact with the GET Protocol. This means that only ticketing companies that apply to publicly available standards set by GET Foundation are allowed to create event contracts on the GET Protocol and thus acquire tokens via the described mechanisms. In Phase 1 only GUTS as launching customer will be white-listed.

## 3. with great power, comes great responsibility:

   
The white-listing is a necessity for various reasons, one being that that the GET Protocol will be under incremental development and improvement. There have been enough crypto related blunders and failures that the technology has a sketchy and fragile image for the average non-interested consumer. The GET Foundation wants to ensure that visitors, event organizers and ticketing companies have a seamless experience. As soon as the GET Protocol is deemed tested and robust enough for complete open sourcing, this is the route that the GET Protocol will take.

## 4. minimizing possible attack vectors: 

In the first phases of the GET Protocol, the tokens are registered not only in the wallets but also in the central and heavily encrypted GET Foundation database. This essentially means that the GET Protocol could act as the central wallet for all transactions to mitigate risks. During the first phases, a user account is not able to handle its private key as it is not known to the user. Users cannot transfer get to wallets that were not created by the GET Foundation. Owners of GET on wallets that were not created by the GET Foundation cannot be transferred to wallets that were created by the GET Foundation. It is our intention to fully decentralize and empower every actor in the system, but this empowerment will happen slowly in controlled and extensively tested steps.

