# 3.2 Why the protocol needs its own token

But why is adding a token to necessary? Why not implement a large-scale smart ticketing protocol with Ether as a metric for event and ticket value? These are valid questions, but there are several important reasons why the GET Protocol needs its own token to provide seamless solutions for the current ticketing market.

## 1. GET as a stable store of value of the event ticket.

   
GET is both the metric and the vehicle for every value transfer between actors in the GET Protocol during an event ticket cycle. The incentive structure of the GET Protocol ensures that as time progresses, actors within the GET Protocol will use the token to account for a higher volume of transactions while also covering more of the ticket value overall. Due to several event-specific price stabilizing measures—covered in the subsequent chapters – the exposure of end users and event organizers from volatility of crypto markets will be minimized.

## 2. Funding the GET Protocol development. 

  
To develop a GET Protocol which is accessible for every ticketing company in the world, development funds are necessary to actualize the new smart ticketing standard proposed in this whitepaper. It would be an absolute waste if the Dutch market alone was dominated by a GUTS powered smart ticketing GET Protocol. As such, the GET Protocol should be generalized and open sourced so that every company interesting in joining the transparent ticketing revolution can do so. This endeavour requires not only a solid and open code base, but also marketing and sales efforts focused on obtaining key stakeholders in every target market.

## 3. Providing transparency.

  
GET solves the added-cost “black-box” by using the token to pay for all the state changes the smart contract has to register on the blockchain. This set-up creates a transparent system in which all actors \(including the end user\) can interact with and verify for themselves how value flows between all actors in the GET Protocol.

## 4. GET as a gatekeeper of the protocol 

GET allow the GET Protocol to monitor and control the GET Protocol wallets and event organizers via the properties assigned to the token. While it is not the intention to restrict actors in the ecosystem indefinitely, some control is needed in early stages of development to guarantee stability and usability at all times.

