# 3.4 Token Economy

The GET Protocol is more than just a smart ticketing application that solves the inefficiencies of both the primary and secondary ticketing market. The standardizing properties of the protocol also could also allow for further optimizations in the event and ticketing market. Direct settlement of payments, controlled internal markets for event-specific assets \(such as beverage and drink tokens\), and the ability to securely transact with other actors in the protocol, are all possible because each actor in the protocol has a smart wallet assigned to their verified unique identity. How we currently see development of the GET Protocol and its functionalities, we will describe in the roadmap chapter. Below we will describe the token economy in the first two phases of development:

## Actors within the protocol:

* Event Organizer \(EO\): Company organizing the event for which tickets are sold; these companies often   hire ticketing companies to handle their ticketing. Such ticketing companies will also be able to use the   GET Protocol. For the purposes of this white piper and for sake of simplicity, the definition of EO refers   both to event organizers and ticketing companies. EOs will interact with the GET Protocol via a smart   wallet contract. 
* GET user \(GU\): The consumer buying a ticket for an event. Tickets are bound to a user identity. GU's   will interact with the GET Protocol via a smart wallet contract. 
* Payment Processor \(PP\): The company responsible for the payment settlement of both the primary as   well as the secondary ticket market in FIAT. PPs will interact with the GET Protocol via a smart wallet   contract issued to this actor by the protocol. 
* Stability Fund \(SF\): The fund will provide instant liquidity for GET needed by the EO \(and the GU\)   and will buy these GET back from the open market. The SF will be a smart contract that functions as a   protocol fund. 
* User Growth Fund \(UGF\): This fund will promote GET Protocol usage by giving discounts to EO \(and   UG\), as well as promoting usage of the GET inside the token economy by means of proof of processed   payments between the GU\[, EO\] and PP. The UGF will be a smart contract that functions as a protocol   fund. 
* Event Cost Fund \(ECF\): The ECF is an event specific smart-wallet, that is created and eventually settled   for each event cycle, and will collect all the fees paid by both the EO as the GU \(to the GET Foundation\)   during the event-cycle. 
* The GET Price Oracle \(GPO\): The function of the GPO is to assess for the stability fund what a fair   value for the GET is at the moment a EO needs GET to run an event. The oracle makes this price   evaluation on the basis of data input of a set of curated exchanges that list GET. The SF will be a smart   contract issued and maintained/controlled by the GET Foundation. 
* Open Market GET holder\(OMH\): An individual\(possibly event organizer\) that has acquired GET via the   crowdsale and/or via an \(crypto\) exchange and is planning to use the GET for creating, buying/tradingtickets   or managing an smart ticketed event within the GET Protocol. This individual has full control over   the GET token as the token has the properties of every regular ERC20 token. Interaction\(i.e. transacting\)   of the OMH with the GET Protocol can only be done by the Stability Fund \(SF\). OMH’s cannot interact   with actors\(i.e. wallets\) within the protocol as there is a different price-pegging for e-GET every event   cycle. GET is held by these parties as an asset needed to perform anything on the GET Protocol. 

In later phases, the following actor may be added:

* Event Merchant \(EM\): Company of business selling drinks, merchandise or food during the event. This   smart wallet is instantiated and eventually settled for each event cycle. EMs will interact with the GET   Protocol via a smart wallet contract issued to them by the protocol at every event-cycle.

