# 3.5 Pillars of the Token Economy

The system of funds and actors in the GET Protocol have rules and restrictions associated with their smart wallets. The foundation of these rules and restrictions are based on the 5 pillars of the GET Protocol.

## 1. Ensure usability for the event organizer. 

Event organizers are in the business of hosting and promoting events. These companies don’t haveany intention in being a crypto speculator as well. Therefore certain levels of GET price stability and availability should be guaranteed by design. This internal price stability within the GET Protocol is ensured by: the Stability Fund \(SF\).

## 2. Ensure usability for the consumer/user. 

One of the main selling points of the GET Protocol is the fact that all crypto related details are kept out of sight of the end-consumer. The GET and the user’s wallet are there as a means of value storage and to transfer/receive and pay for tickets as well as to provide cryptographic security for the end user. This internal price stability within the GET Protocol is ensured by: the Stability Fund \(SF\).

## 3. Overall protocol security. 

  
The employees working at an event organizing organisation or at the ticketing company using the GET Protocol don’t have any knowledge about crypto and thus are not aware of the high levels of security and rigour needed for securely working with high value digital assets at tokens and ether. The same lack of knowledge is present on the side of the end-user. GET Protocol solution: Actors within the GET Protocol don’t have access to their ethereum wallet’s private key and are only allowed to conduct transactions to addresses known/approved by the protocol.

## 4. Transparency and de-central central control by token holders. 

We believe that token holders should have certain voting rights according to their stake in the protocol. GET Protocol solution: Voting by token holders on the Event Cost Fund \(ECF\).

## 5. Overall protocol competitiveness. 

  
The ticketing market is extremely competitive and although the GET Protocol has several characteristics in which it improves upon existing solutions, being price competitive is a very effective tool in order to gain market share. GET Protocol promotes protocol usage by means of: The User Growth Fund \(UGF\) and incentive methods as proof of processed payments.

