# 3.6 The User Growth Fund \(UGF\)

During the initial go-to-market phases of the projects development, the superfluous GET \(called the Resuser or residual of a particular event-cycle\) is obtained by the protocol to represent/pay for more expensive cost routes of smart ticket users is sponsored the User Growth Fund\(UGF\). This means that the residual GET between the cheapest cost-route \(Pmin\)and the most expensive cost route\(Pmax\) is funded by the user growth fund. Formally, this means that for the period of time that the user growth fund contains tokens, all users who interact with the protocol and follow the cheapest cost path will have a residual in their wallets after an event ticketed by the GET Protocol. In formula 1-5 the algorithm / formalization used to calculate the Resuser on a per event basis is displayed. This subsidizing mechanism forms two functions, it enables the ticketing companies using the GET protocol to be price competitive and be dynamic to tighter margins.

## Spreading the GET. 

  
Put simply, the GET Protocol will subsidize the higher cost of events ticketed by the GET Protocol for as long as the User Growth Fund is able to provide this subsidy. This mechanism of distribution among users is deemed effective as it distributes GET to consumers frequenting events. This spreading of GET within the protocol \(note: GET on consumers wallets cannot leave the protocol and end up in circulating supply, the residue can only be used as a discount or extra credit boost for the next event the consumer visits\). This creates a lock-in effect as it gives these ”market-relevant” users a wallet with GET. By giving these users a discount for the transactions costs owed to the GET Foundation the next time they purchase a ticket, the protocol gives these users a peek at the advantages of a more open and transparent ticketing system. At the same time, this subsidy by the UGF makes the GET Protocol competitive, as ticketing companies using the protocol have lower ticketing costs. This competitive edge is quite essential as it is the goal to gain significant market share in the ticketing industry.

