# 3.9 GET event Cost Fund \(ECF\)

This smart wallet collects all of the charged protocol costs for an event cycle paid by the smart tickets. The ECF charges at least €0.50 of FIAT value in GET per smart event ticket, with the SF assigning this base cost to maximally 1 GET per smart ticket on the protocol. 

After each event cycle the ECF will have collected GET in the smart-wallet. This value of GET collected is always at least €0.50 multiplied by the amount of smart tickets that where sold during the event. The amount charged by the ECF per smart ticket depends on the event type and the total value included on the smart ticket in GET. Both the choice in smart ticket type as in how much additional credit/GET should be added to each ticket is made by the EO when creating the event for which the smart tickets are sold. There are several ways in which the funds in this smart wallet can be allocated within the protocol. One of these allocation destinations is mandatory when a certain condition has been met regarding the SF. If this condition has not been met there are non-exclusionary options for how the GET from the UCF can be allocated. Which of these to options is options depends on the assessment of the protocol by the GET Protocol team and the opinion of the token holders. This opinion assessment is based upon a token vote that will take place every quarter, the weighing of the vote will be based on the token stake within the protocol.

## 1. Mandatory 

If stability fund has a net loss due to unfavourable buy back trade all of the GET in the UCF of an event-cycle fund will be issued to the SF, until the point the SF holds the initial 14%\(12.6 million\) of GET and is thus back ’in balance’.

## 2. Option 1\* 

All or an percentage of the proceeds of the ECF will be sent to the user growth fund, sponsoring protocol growth by lowering price barriers for event organizers and stimulating token usage by means of proof of processed payments for transactions between actors of the protocol.

## 3. Option 2 

Burn all or a certain percentage of the GET collected in the ECF during that specific event-cycle. Burning of GET will raise the price of protocol usage for the ticketing company as well as lower the circulating supply of the GET as a token.

_\*Token holders will be able to cast a non-binding vote on the cost variables of the ECF as well as how the funds in the ECF will be allocated to the UGF or burned._

