# 3.1.1 Conclusions on the token's utility

* A consumer using the GET Protocol to purchase, use, or sell a smart ticket must, regardless of how the   user interacts with the protocol pay a certain amount of GET for using the protocol. 
* Purchase of GET for users will be combined with the checkout flow when buying a ticket; thus, it can   only be done via the ticket purchasing platform of the ticketing company that is using the GET Protocol.   This means that the purchase price of the minimum GET amount\* \(or the number of GET needed to top   up the user’s balance to the minimum GET amount\) is added at checkout on the ticketing application.   After a consumer pays in FIAT, GET is transferred to the user’s wallet and the smart ticket is linked with   the user’s account. Both of these state changes are registered on chain. 
* It is likely for a user to have a ’residual’ GET balance \(residue\) after buying and using a smart ticket for   an event. This means that the user will have to pay less transaction costs to the GET Foundation the   next time he or she uses the protocol. Besides being a fair cost allocation mechanism these GET residues   ensure that the tokens are distributed and benefit users that actually use the protocol. 
* Every unique user account that interacts with the GET Protocol by buying a ticket is assigned a wallet to   his or her user account. The user keeps this wallet and the funds on this wallet indefinitely.



\* The minimum balance of GET needed on a wallet for a specific event varies as it is based on event specific characteristics.

