# 5.1 Competition

## Other blockchain initiatives.

There have been several event-focused initiatives in the ICO heavy year of 2017. The most ’prominent’ initiatives, Blocktix\(TIX\) and Aventus \(AVT\), are both still in the funding / white paper / alpha development phase at the moment of publishing of this white paper. The four main differences between these two initiatives and GET Protocol are:

* The most important difference is GUTS Tickets and the GET protocol have already several launching   customers and the project can be considered fully operational and has a team that is experienced in both   deployment of software as in the acquisition of the target customer in the ticketing scene. 
* The ”genesis” version of the GET API has cycled through its alpha and beta phases. Because the GET   Protocol will be tied to the tested GET API, it has a significant head start. 
* The GET Protocol will use existing market infrastructure for maximum market penetration. It is therefore   able to handle an extremely high number of API requests, offer customers features like theatre seat   selection, and provides insightful sales dashboards to event organizers and venue holders. 
* The GET Protocol will allow users to attend events with the least effort and prior knowledge of crypto as   possible. All things crypto are shielded from the regular user, providing them the benefits without the   complexity. 

_In this _[_blog post_](https://blog.guts.tickets/get-vs-tix-vs-avt-the-three-main-blockchain-ticketing-projects-bench-marked-part-1-a2686bfdd532)_ the GET Protocol is compared with both Aventus\(AVT\) as with Blocktix\(TIX\)._

## _TicketSwap. _

TicketSwap is a Dutch company that offers ticket holders interested in selling their ticket a market with a reputation system for both buyers and sellers, creating a trust bond. TicketSwap is successful in the Netherlands, but is merely a form of symptom treatment: TicketSwap is only active on the secondary market and therefore cannot guarantee the authenticity of tickets.

## _Ticketmaster/Ticketscript etc. _

These companies are partially responsible for the problems faced by the public in the secondary ticketing market. In some cases, the ticketing companies have an actual stake in the success of the secondary ticketing platforms. These companies would have to eliminate parts of their own business model to innovate or create a transparent market.

