# 1.2.1 The right to resell the ticket

A purchased ticket is the property of the end user, and users have the fundamental right to \(re\)sell their property. Regulating ticket reselling, however, is complicated, and current solutions remain inadequate. In the Netherlands, for example, a law to end extreme prices for secondary tickets remains under review six years after it was first proposed. Governments will not provide a global solution for the problem, let alone a local one. The rise of online markets has eroded the government’s power to regulate, even when the laws are in place. 

Modern ticketing companies mainly use barcodes or QR codes to store all of the ticket data required for event admission. These data types merely obfuscate a ticket holder’s information, which is later checked against a database prior to entry. Information is only encoded, not encrypted, and therefore can be scanned and decoded by anyone with a smart phone. These vulnerabilities provide opportunities for malicious actors to modify these data structures and create a new barcode that will be unique but not recognized as legitimate when consumers try to use them to enter an event. 

The scarcity of event tickets combined with the unregulated nature of the market ensures that resellers will always exploit end users with exorbitant secondary tickets prices. It is common knowledge that certain primary ticketing companies and secondary ticketing companies are subsidiaries of the same holding companies, which illustrate how market forces incentivize revenue maximization to the detriment of content creators and fans alike.

| Market | Problems |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Primary ticketing market | -Lack of market transparancy results in high and undefined added costs. |
|  | -Collusion between stakeholders thrives without transparancy. |
| Secondary ticketing market | -Touts, scalpers and resellers cause excessive inflation of secondary ticket prices. |
|  | -Ticket buyers have no guarantee of ticket authenticity |
|  | -The "middle man" effect of the secondary market results in a loss of user data. |

_Table 4 Overview of the problems with traditional ticketing markets._

## The demand of stakeholders. 

  
Now that it is clear what is wrong with the market, another more important question arises: What do the stakeholders actually want? The wish list displayed below was drafted on the basis of experiences, research and meetings with stakeholders all over the industry in 2016 and 2017, including from our launching customer GUTS Tickets.

| Stakeholder | Wishes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| End user | -Fair ticket price. |
|  | -Low transaction fee's. |
|  | -Ability to sell the ticket when unable to attend the event. |
|  | -Guaranteed authenticity of tickets. |
| Content creator | -Tickets sold to actuals, not resellers. |
|  | -Increased sales and event attendance. |
|  | -Fair prices and authentic tickets for fans. |
|  | -Ability to create and sustain community of fans. |
| Event organisers | -Acceptable financial risk for an event. |
|  | -Effective sales solution for any size event. |
|  | -Stable selling and distribution of tickets. |
|  | -Fair dynamic pricing for high occupancy events. |
|  | -User data collection \(with permission\). |
| Venues | -Reduced ticket fraud. |
|  | -Efficient validation process. |
|  | -Easy-to-use system. |
|  | -Ability to sell additional offers before the event \(e.g. consumption tokens\). |

_Table 5 Event ticket market shortcomings overview._

