# 1.2 The ticket life cycle and middlemen

 Assessing the life cycle of a ticket for a popular event reveals a vast number of intermediaries between the content creator and the end user. Several of these intermediaries – the promoters, the bookers, the artists’ management, the venues themselves, and the primary ticketing companies – add certain value to the chain. 4 The fragmentation of all these intermediaries, however, prevents transparency and results in two problems: the commercial ticket reseller and dishonest transaction costs. A transparent market avoids these issues and provides end users with a fair and straightforward ticket purchasing experience.

Consequences for the stakeholders.  
In addition to the unnecessary burdens they impose on fans, middlemen can also create problems for event organizers and content creators, including low ticket sales and an inability to attract the right audience. Exorbitant ticket prices often provoke conflict between unhappy fans and content creators, who are themselves incapable of controlling prices set by secondary market resellers. Other stakeholders rarely share user data with the content creators, with the risk that the latter lose a critical opportunity to cultivate a sustainable fan base. Despite adding very little value to the event itself, intermediaries earn more than the content creators. Event organizers bear all of the financial risks, yet they have little or no control over ticket sales because they have no alternative than to enlist a ticketing company to issue tickets. By relinquishing the control of ticket sales to a third party, content creators and event organizers are, at their own expense, providing opportunities to intermediaries who benefit in the short-term without contributing to the artists’ future success, making the promotion of upcoming events more difficult and allowing the events themselves to remain a large financial risk for organizers.

