# 3.8.1 Stability Fund continuity

The stability fund will act as a siphon filled with GET and ETH. The has the objective to always restore its original GET balance to 14% of 90 million \(thus 12.6 million GET\). The role the SF will have in the GET Protocol can be itemized as follows:

As the SF acts as a siphon the GET in the fund will never on net enter circulating supply. Meaning that the mechanisms of this fund have as main goal to maintain an 12.6 million balance of GET available for EOs.

At initiation of the GET Protocol the stability fund will be minted 14% of all maximally issued GET: 12.6 million GET. These GET will be used to supply EOs with the GET they need to initiate an event ticketing contract, and account for all value in the smart ticket of the consumer.

The EO buys GET from the SF to cover for the smart ticket value of a specific event cycle. The minimal price of a smart ticket is set at least e0.50 in GET, so the SF will always have the event organizer pay at least e0.50 per 1 GET. This binding is merely a price-bottom offered by the protocol, if the price of GET on the open market is higher than this bottom, the price-oracle will buy the GET back for this higher average price point. As such the stability fund mechanism isn’t market-making or influencing the upward momentum of the token on exchanges, it merely provides a price bottom for holders of the token.

The SF has the objective to always restore its original GET balance to 14%\(12.6 million GET\) of the total GET issued. Therefore, right after the EO purchased the GET it needed from the SF, the SF will ”buy” \(exchange\) back the GET it has sold to the EO from the open market.

The SF has no other incentive than provide EOs with instant access to enough GET to use the GET Protocol for smart ticketing as well as provide token holders in the open market with a ”price” \(exchange rate\) bottom and to generate demand for GET from the GET Protocol which creates market liquidity \(the ”Guaranteed Exchange Rate” as further described below\).

If the SF encounters trading losses and therefore isn’t able to regain 14%\(12.6 million GET\) of the total supply of GET it will receive GET from the UGF until it is replenished and the trading losses are recovered.

If the SF encounters trading profits \(and thus will hold more GET as 14%\(12.6 million GET\)\) the superfluous GET will be transferred to the UGF.

The SF will not be a completely automated/pre-determined fund from the beginning of the GET Protocol. The GET Protocol team will closely monitor the stabilizing and pricing abilities of the fund and optimize its procedures and programming to ensure that the fund does what it is supposed to do: provide price stability and thus usability for GET Protocol actors.

