# 3.8.3 GET acquisition for event organizers

## Step 1. 

Event organizer specifies to the price oracle how much monetary value has to be covered by GET per ticket for the specific event the EO is hosting.

## Step 2. 

Price oracle calculates the fair GET price based on external data from several exchanges, based on that assessment GPO will calculate how much GET is needed to account for the total value that needs to be accounted for during the specific event-cycle. It is important to state that the minimal cost per smart ticket is at least €0.50 in GET and that the price for a GET sold to the EO by the SF is at least €0.50 / GET. This ’hard-coded’ pricing rule forms the foundation for the buy-back guarantee.

## Step 3. 

The price oracle will instruct the SF to open a buy contract for the calculated price per GET. This buy contract can only be filled by the smart wallet of the EO that requested the event value coverage from the GPO.

## Step 4. 

Event organizer pays the buy-contract of the SF in ether \(if the EO pays with FIAT this is done via an payment processor that transfers the payment to ETH\).

## Step 5. 

The stability fund will instruct the protocol to create an smart ticketing contract which is owned by the event organizer. This smart ticketing contract will hold all the GET purchased by the EO and will distribute the GET to all buyers of the event ticket.

## Step 6. 

The stability fund will open a buy contract on the basis of price data provided by the GPO. This buy-contract can be filled by any token holder on the open market for as long as the SF isn’t replenished.

