# 6.1 Details of the ICO

The goal of the ICO is to exchange GET for Ether \(ETH\) for an equivalent in €15,000,000 at maximum and €2,300,000 at minimum. The exchange of ETH against GET will be smart contract based. Some of the numbers may change with ETH exchange rates and volatility, but the following numbers are best effort estimates as of 1 November, 2017. This blog post goes into details about the choices made and Ethereum / €lockrates that will be used in pricing the contributions and for the amount of GET that is issued per Ether collected.

| GUTS/GET Protocol | Euro | Ether lockprice\* | Total |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Softcap | €2,3million | Reached | 8.560.800GET |
| Hardcap | €15million | Croudsale will end on 13th of December 2017, 13:00 CET. | 90.000.000GET |
| Pre-sale private | €1,8million | €258,29/ETH | 7.200.000GET |
| Pre-sale public | €0,5million | €262,17/ETH | 1.351.351GET |
| General sale | €12,7million | €275,44/ETH | 15.826.432,55GET\* |

_Table 12: Summary of the GET Protocol ICO. _[_Details_](https://blog.guts.tickets/feel-the-burn-6f0315c6721e)_ about the recalibration of the hard-cap on the half-way point due to the increased ether price is described in our blog.  
  
All tokens that will be left unsold during the general crowdsale will be burned. Tokens allocated to the partitions \(UGF, Team, etc,\) will be burned according to ratio.  
  
\*Due to the rise in Ether price GUTS has decided to burn unsold GET to ratio on the half-way point of the general sale. This meant that on 29 November 13:00 CET the ether held by GUTS was re-valued at e418.66. 12.5 million unsold GET where burned from the crowdsale._

| Roadmap GUTS/GET | 2017 | 2018 | 2019 |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Strategy | B2C - Target: Event organizer | B2C + B2B Target: Ticketing companies | B2C+ B2B Completely open platform |
| Focus region | Netherlands | Europe + North America | Asia |
| Tickets sold | 10k tickets | 200k - 300k | 1million + |

_Table 12-1: GUTS roadmap._

## Crowdsale contract details.

* Length of the ICO: 28 days \(4 weeks\). 
* Starting-date of ICO : 15 November 13:00 CET. 
* Ending-date of the ICO: 13 December 13:00 CET. 
* Total token supply: 90 million GET tokens - UPDATE: 33,368,773.40 GET where minted after finalization   of the crowdsale. 
* Maximum financing : e15.0 million - UPDATE: In total e6.253.185 was raised during the whole crowdsale   period. 
* Minimum financing : e2.3 million - UPDATE: The soft-cap was reached after having completed the private   pre-sale of 6968 Ether valued at e258/ETH. Combined with the capped public pre-sale with 809 unique participants   collecting 1908 Ether valued at e262/ETH. For more details about these two sales consult this blog post covering   both the public and the private pre-sale. 
* GET are coded as such that they cannot be transferred/movable to another address until 10.00 CET on   the 20th day following the date on which the ICO ended \(i.e. if it ended on 13 November 2017, GET can   be transferred on 20 December 2017\), a period which the Foundation will use to validate whether the   ICO was conducted in a fair and orderly way. 
* Token contract address: Jan Tooropstraat 1, \(1062 BK\) Amsterdam, e-mail address: ico@guts.tickets. 
* There will only be one GET Protocol ICO. The tokens issued during this ICO will be the only GET   tokens ever to be issued by the protocol. UPDATE 20 December 2017. The GET Protocol crowdsale contract   is finalized. This transaction link to etherscan shows the calling of the crowdsale contract and thereby definitely   ensuring that additional minting/creation of GET by this contract is not possible.

_\*UPDATE 27 DECEMBER 2017. As of now the GET Protocol crowdsale has been completed \(the crowdsale ended on 13 December at 13:00 CET\). In _[_this blog_](https://blog.guts.tickets/finalizing-the-get-protocol-crowdsale-15dcc9172b73)_ you can read more about the finalization of the crowdsale and the about the total amount of GET minted, burned and vested. As of 20 December 16:00 CET the GET token has made movable, meaning that the crowdsale contract cannot mint any more tokens GET tokens as well as it will allow holders/owners of the token to move and trade the token as they deem fit. The token can be found on etherscan at ’_[_0x8a854288a5976036a725879164ca3e91d30c6a1b_](https://etherscan.io/token/0x8a854288a5976036a725879164ca3e91d30c6a1b)_’.\*_

## The different partitions and their effect on circulating supply

| Partitions | Public crowdsale | User Growth fund | Stability fund | Team | Bounty |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Initialy issued total 90million | 36.9000.000 | 27.000.000 | 12.600.000 | 11.700.000 | 1.800.000 |
| Effects circulating supply | Yes | No | NO | Yes, after min. 1 year vesting. | Yes, from mid jan'18 |
| Total Burned | 26.998.608 | 19.755.079 | 0.00 | 8.560.534 | 1.317.005 |
| Total issued/Minted | 9.901.391 | 7.244.920 | 12.600.000 | 3.139.465 | 482.994 |

_Table 13: Summary of the circulating and maximum supply of GET. Check the minting, burning and vesting specifications and subsequent proofs by viewing this public Google spreadsheet. Monitor the movement of the GET on etherscan._  
  
_Circulating supply: 10 384 386   
Maximum supply: 33 368 773   
Total Vested: 22 984 386_

  
The crowdsale contract and its audited code can be found on etherscan. The [contract](https://etherscan.io/address/0x8a854288a5976036a725879164ca3e91d30c6a1b#code) was owned by ’0x8a854288a5976036A725879164Ca3e91d30c6A1B’.

* Crowdsale: Directly effects circulating supply. These GET are controlled by crowdsale participants and   can be sold for any price in any way these holders deem fit. 
* User Growth Fund: This partition does not effect circulating supply. GET issued in this partition will be put in a vested contract until 1 April 2018\*, after which the tokens issued will be given their function   within the GET Protocol as described in chapter 3.6 of the whitepaper. 
* Stability Fund: This partition does not effect circulating supply. GET issued in this partition will be put   in a vested contract until 1 April 2018\*, after which the tokens issued will be given their function within   the GET Protocol as described in chapter 3.8 of the whitepaper. 
* Team: This partition not directly effect circulating supply. All tokens issued in this partitions \(see   spreadsheet tab 2\) will be put in vested wallet contracts of minimum 1 year, with larger holder having   an additional 1 year linear vesting period attached to their token partition. This means that the team   members will not have control of their tokens for at least 1 year and we can therefore state that these tokens will not effect circulating supply in the short term. 
* Bounty: The tokens in this partition will enter circulating supply. These tokens will be issued mid-January   and will then enter circulating supply.

Summary of the circulating and maximum supply of GET. Check the minting, burning and vesting specifications and subsequent proofs by viewing [this](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18Cbf0m4-UaUHNYugyEpYVaf53fQ1_Jf2wQUI4h1Jayk/edit#gid=0) public Google spreadsheet. Monitor the movement of the GET on [etherscan](https://etherscan.io/token/0x8a854288a5976036a725879164ca3e91d30c6a1b).

## Disclaimer

GUTS Tickets will never approach and/or provide crucial information \(especially sensitive instructions like contract addresses\) to investors via Slack, Telegram, RockChat or any other messaging application with exception of Intercom. This type of communication will exclusively happen via e-mail or via the GUTS ICO application. In this blog post you can read step for step how the self build ICO application will ensure that the crowdsale will be secure, controlled and will follow our planning.

